improvement: show an error when an icon is not defined in the theme (#682)
deity-io/falcon: CHANGELOG.md

- fixed theme merging ([#551](https://github.com/deity-io/falcon/pull/551))
- fixed duplicated conditions when extracting themed css ([#611](https://github.com/deity-io/falcon/pull/611))
- fixed incompatible `css` prop typings ([#645](https://github.com/deity-io/falcon/pull/645))

> - show an error when an icon is not defined in the theme ([#682](https://github.com/deity-io/falcon/pull/682))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- added console.error when an icon is not defined in the theme during development ([#682](https://github.com/deity-io/falcon/pull/682))
```
